Develop (#106)
FindoraNetwork/findora-wiki: docs/general/intro.md

sidebar_position: 1
---

# What is Findora?

> Founded in 2017, Findora is an open, private financial network that is used and democratically secured by a decentralized network of worldwide organizations and economically incentivized parties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Founded in 2017, Findora is an open, permissionless blockchain network that is used and democratically secured by a decentralized network of worldwide organizations and economically incentivized parties. 
```
@dlin128
